How much working memory do 10 chats take in your program, in between processing requests (assume no one has reacted to them)? How about 100? 1000? We can call this part of the memory your program uses the chat storage. How much additional working memory is used when handling the /chats request in your code for 10, 100, and 1000 chats? Speculate on ways to lower either the chat storage or the memory used to process a request, or explain why your approach minimizes them.
With the two structs having defined values, within the chat struct, ID takes 4 bytes, username takes 15 bytes,message takes 255 bytes, Time Stamp takes 20 bytes, num reactions takes 4 bytes, for the reaction struct, 15 bytes for username and 15 bytes for the message. with the max size of reactions per chat is 100 that is 300 bytes. Together one chat makes up around 600 bytes assuming no one has reacted in them since memory is still allocated regardless if its reacted or not. So for 10 chats it consist of 6000 bytes or around 6 KB, for 100 its 60 KB and for 1000 its 600KB. For /chat it consist of getting ID,timestamp, username and message along with the reactions to them.so for formatting the chat its 4 bytes plus 15 bytes plus 255 bytes = 274 bytes assuming no reactions if there is then an additional 30 bytes to per reaction. So assuming no reactions it an additional 3000 bytes or 3 kb for 10 chats 30 kb for 100 and 300 kb for 1000.Some ways to lower the chat storage/memory used would be to allocate space for reactions as needed instead of a fixed-size array, getting shorter usernames or shortening messages to reduce memory used.
The PA writeup specifies many limits and constraints on the input (usernames, messages, ids, and so on). Choose one of these limits or constraints, and imagine removing it. What's something that would now work and might make a user happy because the limit is removed? What's a problem that could result from removing that limit? What impact would it have on your implementation to remove it (any new possibilities of errors, new cases to handle, etc)?
Removing a constraint like message size would cause an increase in memory to be used since each chat would require more space since in theory the size of the message could increase requiring more memory to be allocated for it. In addition dynamically allocating memory for long strings can cause issues involving displaying or transmitting the data to the server since more buffer space would need to be allocated which at a large amount of chats within the server cause cause a decrease in production as well as a potiential buffer overflow if not handled correctly
